README.md, before:

<h2> SEF </h2>

![lisence](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/l/plug.svg)
![language](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-2.7.10-green.svg)
![dialect](https://img.shields.io/badge/cython-0.24-green.svg)

a symmetry encryption algorithm based on fountain code.

<h2> Feature </h2>

+ PKCS7 padding and depadding
+ symmetry
+ support 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256 bits key

<h2> Algorithm Design </h2> 

this algorithm just use the bitwise **xor** to encrypt the message, but it cycle the key, and use a mask to 
cover the key, so it's really difficute to guess the start encrypt data block without know the key.

the complexity grows along with the key bits:

+ 8 bit key will encrypt a block data of 64 bits 8 turns chained way
+ 16 bit key will encrypt a block data of 64 bits 16 turns chained way
+ 32 bit, 32 turns
+ 64 bit, 64 turns
+ 128 bit, 128 turns
+ 256 bit, 256 turns

for a block data of 64 bits, the encrypt process start with the source block data on the first turn, but the second turn will base on the preview result. so if one want to decrypt the source data, he or  she need to inverse the process with [8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256] turns with the exact key [256, 65526, 4294967296, ...]. the complexity grows very fastly.

<h2> Encryption </h2> 

encrypt process for a block of data with 8 bit key

![Alt Text](./screen/encrypt.gif)

<h2> Decryption </h2>

decrypt process for a block cliper with 8 bit key

![Alt Text](./screen/decrypt.gif)

<h2> Install </h2>

``` shell

	python setup.py build_ext
	python setup.py install
	
```

<h2> Tester </h2>

requirements:

+ gnuplot
+ matplotlib
+ cython

current tester:

+ key bits length tester
+ message length tester
+ common symmetric data encryption

<h2> Author </h2> 

smileboywtu@gmail.com

Commit message:

add the binary tester and support any key that's times of 8

README.md, after:

<h2> SEF </h2>

![lisence](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/l/plug.svg)
![language](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-2.7.10-green.svg)
![dialect](https://img.shields.io/badge/cython-0.24-green.svg)

a symmetry encryption algorithm based on fountain code.

<h2> Feature </h2>

+ PKCS7 padding and depadding
+ symmetry
+ support key bits from zero to 256 that's times of 8

<h2> Algorithm Design </h2> 

this algorithm just use the bitwise **xor** to encrypt the message, but it cycle the key, and use a mask to 
cover the key, so it's really difficute to guess the start encrypt data block without know the key.

for a block data of 64 bits, the encrypt process start with the source block data on the first turn, but the second turn will base on the previous result. so if one want to decrypt the source data, he or  she need to inverse the process with [8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256] turns with the exact key [256, 65526, 4294967296, ...]. the complexity grows very fastly.

for fast encrypting and decrypting data, the main algorithm use the static c
types.

<h2> Encryption </h2> 

encrypt process for a block of data with 8 bit key

![Alt Text](./screen/encrypt.gif)

<h2> Decryption </h2>

decrypt process for a block cliper with 8 bit key

![Alt Text](./screen/decrypt.gif)

<h2> Install </h2>

``` shell

	python setup.py build_ext
	python setup.py install
	
```

<h2> Tester </h2>

requirements:

+ gnuplot
+ matplotlib
+ cython
+ scipy

current tester:

+ key bits length tester
+ message length tester
+ common symmetric data encryption
+ binary tester, images, voice, video

``` shell

./tester --help

```

<h2> Author </h2> 

smileboywtu@gmail.com
